File: mkdir flow (#2019)
akka/alpakka: docs/src/main/paradox/file.md

Java
: @@snip [snip](/file/src/test/java/docs/javadsl/FileTailSourceTest.java) { #shutdown-on-idle-timeout }

## Creating directories

> `Directory.mkdirs()` and `Directory.mkdirsWithContext()` create directories for @javadoc[Path](java.nio.file.Path) elements in the stream. The `withContext`-variant allows to pass through other information with every path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Directory.mkdirs()` and `Directory.mkdirsWithContext()` create directories for @javadoc[Path](java.nio.file.Path) elements in the stream. The `withContext`-variant allows the user to pass through additional information with every path.
```
